all credits for models go to their rightful owners 

agahat, 
TDA, 
xXLunaTuneXx, 
Nakao
2234083174
Madpadpan
NJXA
iRon0129
3dcg
Likeabaka

Reminder: this English translation is for reference. Should any conflicts arise, the original Japanese Terms of Service shall take precedence over English Terms of Service.

◆ Terms of Service and Disclaimer
・This 3DCG model represents the character Hatsune Miku Append of Crypton Future Media Inc. under Piapro Character License.
Here is the License. http://piapro.jp/license/pcl/summary
・Use this model within the limit of Piapro Character License and this Terms of Service.
・You may not use this model if you don’t agree to Piapro Character License and this Terms of Service.
・Tda shall not be responsible for any damage and loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with using this model. 
・The latest notation shall take precedence if this Terms of Service is renewed.
・When using this model for commercial purposes, you shall obtain prior permission from Crypton Future Media Inc., the copyright holder of Hatsune Miku, before contacting Tda.
・Editing this model for your videos and pictures is allowed within the limit of the conditions below. You don’t have to obtain prior permission from Tda.
1. Do not ruin the feature and image of Tda style. The edited model(s) shall be clearly recognized as Tda-styled model(s).
2. Remove the logo CRYPTON on the anklet, or use the body00_MikuAp.tga file in the ロゴ違いテクスチャ folder.
3. When distributing edited model(s), attach both original Japanese Terms of Service and English Terms of Service, credit the original name of this model Type Tda Hatsune Miku Append, the original creator Tda and editor(s).
Prohibitions
1. Redistributing the original data. Trading the original data is also forbidden.
2. Attaching any part(s) of this model, regardless of in the original form or edited form, to other model(s) for the purpose to create and/or edit the model(s) that is/are not Tda-styled. (e.g. attaching Tda Miku’s pigtail(s) and/or waist gear to other model(s).)
The only exception is the minimum edit for a video or picture with the story related to Tda Append Miku, but distributing the edited model(s) under this exception is forbidden.
3. Attaching any part(s) from non-editable model(s) to this model.